The following designs are to be used only for members of the appropriate group.
As the sketches are rather long, I've split this into three separate posts
for easier access. These items may be discounted down to no cost as you feel
appropriate, or may be paid for with items like wands, blowers, manas,
orbs, and flowers in trade.

------
```
WARNING: This formatter doesn't do this request well. You may just wish to copy the
text out of the editor.

OOC Note: the engraving quote and single letters should be centered
The initial of the current guild master/mistress is to be added to the ring's
engraving upon appointment.
```

High clergy signet ring {ID ring, dyecast black, ordernumber 5} [[[Guild Master Only]]]

A seamless collaboration of macabre style and old world elegance, this
gracefully tenebrous signet ring has been cast from stark obsidian and stormily
iridescent labradorite. That former ore, as it is sculpted to create the band
of this ring, is breathtaking in its depth and purity, with not a blemish to be
found in its midnight hues. It wraps about the wearer's ring finger smoothly
with a mirror like gleam, supporting four mounted prongs at its apex and a
cathedral setting for the center stone. The vitreous focal point in question is
a uniquely carved shard of tempestuously colored labradorite, the grayish blue
mineral veined by streaks of pearlescent cerulean, jade and ebony like some
surreally stormy sky, or wild contagion ravaging its victim's veins. It is
faceted, then, to render the likeness of a miniature coffin, with a shape
elongated to roughly an inch, and showcasing a classic, six sided build. Minute
hinges of bone, dyed black, line the left side of the little box to add some
function to the design, allowing one to flip it open and peer inwards at the
cursive script engraved at the bottom.

Engraving:
           "Forever Beats the Nocturnal Heart."

                   R * N * V * O * Z

---

Dahkoar cleric pendant (dye: black, order: 3) [[[Clergy]]]
A slender braided, black silk cord drapes freely from the neck, tied in a
simple slipknot at the nape. Dangling from the cord and centered over the
breastbone, an ivory disk, darkened by smoke leaves it cast with shadowy gray
hues in a unique wispy pattern. Set in the heart of the medallion and carved
with precision rests an unquestionably human skull canted at such an angle that
its eyeless stare faces toward the left. Perched upon its crown an elegant
raven roosts, sleek wings folded neatly behinds itself while the head is tilted
back, the beak parted in a silent caw. The feathers of the bird appear slick
with ink that refuses to dry, the abyssal black tinted with a gleam of blue.
Slithering around and within, a scaled serpent constricts around the skull,
winding its way between the teeth and upwards, its triangular head snaking down
from the right eye socket. Set behind the holy trio, a long staff of unworldly
appearance oozing with the green of infection creates a backdrop for the
pendant. Etched into the back of the pendant in an elegant script are the four
tenets of the Lord: Divinity, Devotion, Determination, Dominance.

---

Dahkoar clerical vestments (dyecast: black, order: 4) [[[Clergy]]]

Tailored from a soft yet durable cotton, the vestments are designed to keep one
cool under the sweltering heat of the suden sun and warm during its chilled
nights. A classic fit, uncomplicated by its very design, the hooded robe covers
from head to toe. Neither loose, nor snug, the ebon hued fabric appear crafted
from the very depths of the darkest night, utterly devoid of color. The deep
hood easily fits over the head, casting shadows over the face and obscuring
them from view. Long loose sleeves extend just past the wrists with enough
space for both arms to be tucked within comfortably, while the bottom hem dusts
above the ground. A fine silken rope ties around the waist, the only adornment
to this otherwise austere garment.

---

Dahkoar acolyte vestments (dyecast: black, order: 4) [[[Clergy]]]

Dyed in hues of deepest midnight, the cotton from which this robe is crafted is
light but durable. Draping the form from the neck down, the garment's hem
brushes the ground. The sleeves reach past the wrists, long enough to hide
clasped hands within if so desired. A modest hood allows protection from the
elements and unwanted gazes, casting the face in shadow when pulled up. Simple
in design, these humble vestments are pulled on over the head and lack any
stays or fastenings to secure it in front. Embroidery over the heart depicts a
human skull, a serpent's head peeking from the left eye socket while an austere
raven perches atop its crown.

---

Dahkoar clerical caparison (black, order: 8) [[[Clergy]]]

A curious but functional fusion of garments, these vestments give a nod to both
human and equine aspects of a centaur's form. Tailored from a soft yet durable
cotton, the piece is designed to keep one cool under the sweltering heat of the
Suden sun and warm during its chilled nights. Austere in design but still
maintaining inherent elegance, a hooded robe covers the wearer from the crown
of his or her head to hip, the material so dark in color that it may as well
have been snipped from a starless sky. The deep hood easily fits over the head,
casting one's face into umbrage while long, loosely fitted sleeves extend just
past the wrists with enough space for both arms to be tucked within
comfortably. A fine silken rope ties around the waist, one of only two
adornments to grace the ink-dark fabric. From there, it transforms into a
caparison, draping over an equine back and trailing over flanks like wisps of
shadow. Stitched with care along the outer edges in stark grey silk is a
labyrinthine pattern, the strands of slate depicting a triumvirate of Serpent,
Skull, and Raven.

---

Dahkoar acolyte caparison (black, order 8) [[[Clergy]]]

A curious but functional fusion of garments, these vestments give a nod to both
human and equine aspects of a centaur's form. Tailored from a soft yet durable
cotton, the piece is designed to keep one cool under the sweltering heat of the
Suden sun and warm during its chilled nights. Austere in design but still
maintaining inherent elegance, a simple robe covers the wearer from collar to
hip, the material so dark in color that it may as well have been snipped from a
starless sky. Long, loosely fitted sleeves extend just past the wrists with
enough space for both arms to be tucked within comfortably. A fine silken rope
ties around the waist, the only adornment to grace the ink-dark fabric. From
there, it transforms into a caparison, draping over an equine back and trailing
over flanks like wisps of shadow.

---

Supplicant vestments (dyecast: black, order: 4) [[[Applicants to the Clergy]]]

Durable linen dyed a flat, matte black forms a long, shapeless garment that
hangs from shoulders to ankles, the high collar and long sleeves covering
nearly all of the wearer. The sole adornment on the robes are three pairs of
buttons holding together the double breasted front. Each button is carved with
exquisite care, starting with a pair of obsidian ravens glinting against the
dull fabric. Beneath them deep green malachite forms a pair of dappled serpents
coiled to strike, and at the waist, polished ivory skulls give a macabre grin.

---

Dahkoar supplicant caparison (black, order 8) [[[Applicants to the Clergy]]]

These vestments give a nod to both human and equine aspects of a centaur's
form, covering both one's torso and the more substantial figure beneath with
sturdy black fabric. Tailored from a no-nonsense, durable linen, the piece is
rigidly designed to keep one cool under a harsh Suden sun and to withstand the
wear and tear of manual labor. Austere in design, the garment boasts a high
collar and long, fitted sleeves that extend smartly to the wrists. A rough,
dark rope of obsidian hue ties around the waist to secure the vestments in
place like a belt, the only adornment this simple piece bears. From there, it
transforms into a caparison, draping over an equine back and trailing over
flanks like wisps of shadow.

---

Dahkoar Faith

Band of darkness (dyecast: black , order: 8 ) [[[Faith Members]]]
Carved and sanded to a smooth, matte finish, this onyx band winds around the
middle finger in a constricting embrace. Wide enough to be noticed, yet not
become a burden, the abyssal hues of the ring appear to consume and destroy all
light with its non-reflective surface. The heavy stone it is carved from
remains a constant reminder even in its slim design. The ring is otherwise left
unadorned, only an inscription along the inside of the band in an elegant
script: Divinity, Devotion, Determination, Dominance.

