Simple cotton dress {ID dress, ordernumber:6}

This dress has been constructed from cotton allowing for protection from the
various elements but still allowing for breathability. A broad circular collar
encircles the wearer's neck and shoulders, having been embroidered in a
simplistic chain pattern out of thread of the same color as the rest of the
dress. Long sleeves end in similar cuffs at the wrist. From the waist the
skirts extend down to just past the ankle in draped pleats. This article has
been tailored to fit a wide range of wearers, including flaps that tie shut in
the back to accommodate wings or tails as needed.

---

Simple cotton shirt {ID shirt, ordernumber:6}

This shirt is a simple garment constructed from cotton allowing for protection
from the various elements but still allowing for breathability. A broad
circular collar encircles the wearer's neck and shoulders, having been
embroidered in a simplistic chain pattern out of thread of the same color as
the rest of the shirt. Long sleeves end in similar cuffs at the wrist. The
shirt hangs down to the waist, falling just beneath the navel. This article has
been tailored to fit a wide range of wearers, including flaps that tie shut in
the back to accommodate wings as needed.

---

Simple cotton trousers {ID trousers, ordernumber:11}

These trousers are a simple garment from cotton allowing for protection from
the various elements but still allowing for breathability. Encircling the
waist, the upper hem is adjustable with a simple tie cord that is threaded
through the material itself and tied on the inside of the trouser. Extending
from waist to ankle, there are simplistic straight lines which still allow
utility. This article has been tailored to fit a wide range of wearers,
including flaps that tie shut in the back to accommodate tails as needed.

---

Simple cotton robes {ID robes, ordernumber:6}

These robes have been constructed from cotton allowing for protection from the
various elements but still allowing for breathability. A broad circular collar
encircles the wearer's neck and shoulders, having been embroidered in a
simplistic chain pattern out of thread of the same color as the rest of the
robes. A simple rope belt encircles the waist holding the robes closed, and an
additional panel has been added in the front of the robe to protect the legs in
movement. The bottom hem extends to the ankle of the wearer. This article has
been tailored to fit a wide range of wearers, including flaps that tie shut in
the back to accommodate wings or tails as needed.

---

Simple leather sandals {ID sandals, ordernumber 15}

Encasing each foot are sandals with broad leather straps to ensure that they
remain on the foot through various activities. The soles of each sandal have
been reinforced to protect the sole of the foot from the various dangers feet
might encounter through activity or travel. The straps are adorned with
functional copper buckles to allow for a custom fit.

---

Simple leather boots {ID boots, ordernumber 14}

Encasing each foot are boots of reinforced leather that extend to the ankle
where they tie to ensure they remain on the foot through various activities.
The soles of each boot have been reinforced to protect the sole of the foot
from the various dangers feet might encounter through activity or travel. The
straps are adorned with functional copper buckles to allow for a custom fit.

---

Simple cotton caparison {ID caparison, ordernumber:11}

This long swatch of cotton material is designed to cover the back and
hindquarters of a centaur. The garment maintains a slit in the back that allows
for a tail, and a long strap with a buckle to ensure the caparison stays in
place. Embroidered along a broad hem is a simplistic chain pattern out of
thread of the same color as the rest of the article of clothing.