These are designs for the mages guild

------

Black stone oval necklace {ID necklace, ordernumber 3, dye black}
Glistening as if coated with a thin layer of liquid, so smooth that any light
cast upon its surface reflects back without the slightest distortion, the oval
centrepiece of this necklace is a striking stone indeed. Aside from the fact
that it must have been polished with exquisite care, it seems to display no
strange outward phenomena, no remarkable properties at first glance. The brown
leather cord securely tied around it at top and bottom functions as setting,
chain, and clasp, with an adjustable sliding knot that allows it to be worn
around the neck.

---

```
These robes can be dyed grey or black
```

Ceremonial tower magus robe  {ID robe, ordernumber 5, dyecast black}

As breath taking as it is mysterious, this ornate ceremonial robe is a wash of
dyed iridescent chromatic colors that seem to shift through the spectrum of
light with every scant movement of the silken fabric, never yielding one color
for very long before it seems to phase into another shade like an unending ebb
of energy. With a high buttoned formal collar, the garment sweeps into long,
loose triangular sleeves that reach almost halfway down each hand, not quite
covering the fingers. Intricate arcane runes of an apparent ancient form are
embroidered along the edge of the sleeves, contrasting darker chromatic dyed
thread used to make the runes stand out against the otherwise shifting colors
of the background. Tailored to suit the wearer, the robe is drawn in shallowly
to the one wearing it along the torso, careful stitching allowing a comfortable
yet semi formal fit as the robe flares nearly to the ground in length. More
arcane runes border every seam and arch boldly around the bottom hem of the
robe, before flaring up the back in a chaotic display that reaches all the way
to the shoulders.

---

Incandescent pyromancer sash

Scarlet silks prevail as the dominant fabric in this ornate sash, the
flame-hued panels of which falls from left shoulder to right hip in a pristine
wave. Sewn with a bold hand so that the image bears a tactile presence, the
only adornment marking this ornamentation is the symbol of the Pyromancer; a
crimson tear of flame that blazes forth from the center of a mystical rune.

---

Arcanus evoker sash { ID sash, ordernumber 9, dye blue }
Azure silks prevail as the dominant fabric in this ornate sash, the blue panels
of which falls from left shoulder to right hip in a pristine wave. Sewn with a
bold hand so that the image bears a tactile presence, the only adornment
marking this ornamentation is the symbol of the evoker; a single upraised hand
rests over the mage's heart. Azure magics coalesce within the open palm like a
reflection of the sky: crisp, clear, and brilliant. Radiating outwards in an
intricate pattern, the arcane forces seem to form themselves into a silver web
of intricate matricies that rotate about a closed tome.

---

Ethereal theurgist sash { ID sash, ordernumber 9, dye grey }
Starry silks prevail as the dominant fabric in this ornate sash, the silvery
panels of which falls from left shoulder to right hip in a pristine wave. Sewn
with a bold hand so that the image bears a tactile presence, the only adornment
marking this ornamentation is the symbol of the Inferni; glowing lines of
silver knotwork encircle in a seemingly endless loop about a rune-marked
scroll. The matricies of this intricate web run in convoluted,
near-undiscernable pathways that draws the eye in with a hypnotic magnetism.

---

Scintillating arcandor sash { ID sash, ordernumber 9, dye aqua }
Aquatic hued silks prevail as the dominant fabric in this ornate sash, the
bright panels of which falls from left shoulder to right hip in a pristine
wave. Sewn with a bold hand so that the image bears a tactile presence, the
only adornment marking this ornamentation is the symbol of the Arcandor; An
image of a shield in a deep aqua shade that has been branded with an arcing
blast of fire that scorches across its face.

---

Formidable war mage sash { ID sash, ordernumber 9, dye yellow }
Sun-born silks prevail as the dominant fabric in this ornate sash, the golden
panels of which falls from left shoulder to right hip in a pristine wave. Sewn
with a bold hand so that the image bears a tactile presence, the only adornment
marking this ornamentation is the symbol of the War Mage; a great golden
phoenix, perhaps one of the greatest embodiments of magic that a mage can
summon, perches regally atop a luminescent staff of power. Made even more
fearsome by the corona of fire wreathing its noble frame, the magical bird of
prey seems to meet your gaze with a stunning intelligence. Thus, the illusion
rendered is of the phoenix acting as a physical conduit to grant the staff of
power its own mystical glow.

---

Grand wizards sash { ID sash, ordernumber 9, dye black }
Ebony silks prevail as the dominant fabric in this ornate sash, the coal-hued
panels of which falls from left shoulder to right hip in a pristine wave. Sewn
with a bold hand so that the image bears a tactile presence, the only adornment
marking this ornamentation is the symbol of the Grand Wizard; An ethereal hand
that seems to border on the edge of visibility that is turned palm down with a
shower of flaming meteorites that fall from its grasp.