The following designs are to be used only for members of the appropriate group.
As the sketches are getting rather long, I've split this into three separate
posts for easier access. These items may be discounted down to no cost as you
feel appropriate, or may be paid for with items like wands, blowers, manas,
orbs, and flowers in trade.

*** Tattoos ***

Tattoos (red ink)

He has a fierce red dragon wrapped around his wrist, gripping a pair of crossed
spears with its coiled tail and sharp front claws. Beneath the spears, the word
'Militia' is inked in bold capital letters.

She has a fierce red dragon wrapped around her wrist, gripping a pair of
crossed spears with its coiled tail and sharp front claws. Beneath the spears,
the word 'Militia' is inked in bold capital letters.

------

Imposing warden cloak (dye: red; order: 4)
The pelts of many Savannah animals come together to form the base of this
cloak, brushed to a polished perfection to bring out their crimson undertones
which carries the illusion that they still bleed. The garment enshrouds its
occupants, billowing around his form to accentuate the toned musculature that
lies beneath. A sort of headdress adorns the back of the cloak, readily
available to be pulled up at will. It is formed from the skull of a lion, its
long golden mane and some of its teeth still attached. Several fasteners march
up the front, made from polished fangs and teeth threaded through eyelets. The
entire piece of outerwear extends to a point just below the knees, allowing
maximum protection against the elements. On the left side on the chest, a
single piece of silk bears the embroidery of a flaming dragon with the word
"Warden" embroidered in bold black letters.

---

Militia forearm bracer (ID: bracer; ordernumber 7; dye red)
A single piece of leather creates this bracer along with a fingerless leather
glove, the material fitting the hand, wrist and forearm perfectly. Leather
laces under the arm can be used to tighten the piece in place or remove it at
the wearer's choice. Etched into the leather is a depiction of a fierce red
dragon wrapped around the wrist, gripping a pair of crossed spears with its
coiled tail and front claws. Beneath the spears, the word 'MILITIA' is written
in bold capital letters.


