The following designs are to be used only for members of the appropriate group.
As the sketches are getting rather long, I've split this into three separate
posts for easier access. These items may be discounted down to no cost as you
feel appropriate, or may be paid for with items like wands, blowers, manas,
orbs, and flowers in trade.

------

```
Note: You will need to replace the MATERIAL text with whatever material they
wish to use (i.e. Ivory)
```
MATERIAL trader ring (order 8)
Ornately carved, this MATERIAL ring is a bit larger than your average ring.
The bottom is slender, increasing in size until it reaches the top which covers
a fair bit of flesh between the knuckles on the traders hand. The prominent
ring features many fine engravings that wind their way about skillfully,
encompassing the majority of the area visible to the eye. Carved on the right
side of the ring with painstaking detail, a fierce dragon is coiled up on a
pile of coins, each scale meticulously notched, every coin perfectly detailed.
The dragons head holds many intricacies of its own; a powerful maw bearing
fangs with flaring nostrils, and eyes seeming to stare out into oblivion. On
the opposite side of the ring are multiple symbols of the traders crafts; a
hammer crashing down upon an anvil, a needle weaving through cloth, a crate of
vials, and a crossbow, all surrounding a small wagon. A small band is cut
around the crest of the ring with chiseled words reading The City of Darmahk
and boldly placed on top are the letters TG.

---

Dragon embossed trader bangle (dye: brightred, order: 5)
This thick ivory bangle tightly encircles the wrist of the wearer. A
magnificent embossed crimson dragon surrounds the bracelet, rearing its head
near the wearer's wrist. The enormous body of the dragon is covered in gleaming
scales and snakes from top to bottom over three distinct scenes. A great wing
of the dragon overshadows an ocean, with a fleet of boats upon the waters.
Small fishing boats, lean whaling boats, and warships of gargantuan size and
destructive weaponry are colored with compelling detail. Near it, a vicious
claw possessively clutches a travelling caravan of wagons. Crates of food
overflow from each wagon while dozens of stout guards lock crossbows and
brandish weapons from their vantage points between the dragon's claws. The tail
of the dragon coils around a smoke filled room populated with numerous well
dressed and varied occupants, some bearing golden and red armor with sheathed
spears, others dressed in fine linens and detailed jewelry. Drinks filled to
the brim occupy each table. A detailed, flowing script etched across the bottom
of the bracelet reads: "Our bounty is his glory."
