The following designs are to be used only for members of the appropriate group.
As the sketches are getting rather long, I've split this into three separate
posts for easier access. These items may be discounted down to no cost as you
feel appropriate, or may be paid for with items like wands, blowers, manas,
orbs, and flowers in trade.

*** Tattoos ***

(choice of location and style, please check gender)

Piercing on *location*: An ivory Warrior spear pierces his *location*.
Piercing on *location*: This Warrior is marked by an ivory spear through his
*location*
Piercing on *location*: This Warrior wears an ivory spear through his
*location*
Piercing on *location*: An ivory spear etched with ancestral names and words of
wisdom pierces the *location* of this Warrior. A bead of dark red jasper hangs
from the tip of this symbol of the Guild of Blood.
Piercing on *location*: Tiny beads of blood red jasper cover the sharp tip of
an ivory spear piercing his *location*. The shaft of the spear is etched with
ancestral names, marking him as a Warrior of Darmahk
Piercing on *location*: This Warrior is marked by an ivory spear through his
*location*, the length etched with ancestral names and words of wisdom.

------

warrior headband (dye: brown, order: 2)
A thick strip of animal hide has been tanned and shaped to fit each Warrior of
Darmahk to their exact specifications. Tying around the back of the head with a
thick knot leaving two tails that brush along the shoulders, the leather is
left its natural tone. Tooled along the surface is the emblem of a large
crimson dragon with double spears in the background.

---

carved ebony band (dye: black, order: 7)
This solid piece of ebony has been polished to a dull shine, its curved surface
cut with a network of thin tendrils that extend from the central raised emblem
like meandering rivers or snaking veins. The crest is carved to resemble a
shield emblazoned with a dragon's silhouette, with two crossed spears in front
and stained a rich crimson that highlights each detail. Etched into the inside
of the band in bold lettering is the phrase, "He is our Life, We are His
Blood."

---

warrior pauldron (dye: red, order: 4)
A single decorative leather pauldron dyed a deep shade of red shines like a
smooth polished stone and is meant to sit overtop of the shoulder and upper
arm. A strap underneath is there to keep the piece fastened not only to the arm
but the armour of the wearer as well. The topmost layers of leather have been
stacked carefully and come to a sharp point laying together like overlaying
scales or divided sections of a serpentine creature. The top of the shoulder is
more elaborate with the leather carved and molded to give the piece shadow and
depth in the form of a dragon's head. Long spiked horns lay back on top of its
skull and lead down to its empty black eyes narrowed in warning. It has a long
snout and slits where the nostrils would sit above its maw where teeth sharp
and narrow as daggers interlock with one another in tight perfection. Bronzed
eyelets have been carefully placed around the outer edges to add flexibility to
the piece, making each section bend with the natural range of the arm itself.
On the last section at the bottom, space has been left where the words
"Warriors, Guild of Blood" have been etched into the leather and filled with
black paint.


